docs: Webhook docs extended (#4310)
kubeshop/testkube: docs/docs/articles/webhooks.mdx

Webhooks allow you to integrate Testkube with external systems by sending HTTP POST payloads containing information about Testkube executions and their current state when specific events occur. To set up webhooks in Testkube, you'll need to have an HTTPS endpoint to receive the events and a payload template to be sent along with the data.

> ## Creating Webhook

Reviewer: ```suggestion
## Creating a Webhook
```

> The webhook can be creating using Dashboar, CLI, or Custom Resource.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
The webhook can be created using the Dashboard, CLI, or a Custom Resource.
```

<Tabs>
<TabItem value="dash" label="Dashboard">

> If you prefer to use Dashboard, you can view existing webhooks by going to the Webhooks tab.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
If you prefer to use the Dashboard, you can view existing webhooks by going to the Webhooks tab.
```

![Dashboard menu - webhooks icon](../img/dashboard-webhooks-icon.png)

> That's also a place, where you can create a new webhook by clicking `Create a new webhook` button.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Here you can also create a new webhook by clicking the `Create a new webhook` button.
```

Then, you need to fill in webhook details
![Dashboard webhook - create dialog 1](../img/dashboard-create-webhook-1.png)
- Name - your webhook name (in this case `example-webhook`)
- Resource identifier - the resource (or resources) selected by `label` for which the webhook can be triggered (in the example: `test-type:postman-collection` - any postman test)

> - Triggered events - events that will trigger webhook (in this case `start-test`, `end-test-success`, and `end-test-failed`). All available trigger events can be found in [Supported Event types](#supported-event-types) section.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
- Triggered events - events that will trigger the webhook (in this case `start-test`, `end-test-success`, and `end-test-failed`). All available trigger events can be found in the [Supported Event types](#supported-event-types) section.
```

![Dashboard webhook - create dialog 2](../img/dashboard-create-webhook-2.png)

> Then, you need to set your webhook URI - the HTTPS endpoint where you want to receive the webhook events.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Set your webhook URI - the HTTPS endpoint where you want to receive the webhook events.
```

> After the webhook is created, the custom payload, and Headers can be set in Settings->Action

Reviewer: ```suggestion
After the webhook is created, the custom payload and headers can be set in Settings->Action.
```

</TabItem>

<TabItem value="cli" label="CLI">

> Webhook can be created with Testkube CLI using create webhook command.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Webhooks can be created with Testkube CLI using the `create webhook` command.
```

```sh
testkube create webhook --name example-webhook --events start-test --events end-test-success --events end-test-failed --uri <YOUR_ENDPOINT_URL>
```

> `--name` is your webhook name (in this case `example-webhook`)

Reviewer: ```suggestion
`--name` - Your webhook name (in this case `example-webhook`).
```

> `--events` - event that will trigger a webhook. Multiple `--events` can be defined (in this case `--events start-test --events end-test-success --events end-test-failed`). All available trigger events can be found in [Supported Event types](#supported-event-types) section.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
`--events` - event that will trigger a webhook. Multiple `--events` can be defined (in this case `--events start-test --events end-test-success --events end-test-failed`). All available trigger events can be found in the [Supported Event types](#supported-event-types) section.
```

> `--events` - event that will trigger a webhook. Multiple `--events` can be defined (in this case `--events start-test --events end-test-success --events end-test-failed`). All available trigger events can be found in [Supported Event types](#supported-event-types) section.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
`--events` - Events that will trigger a webhook. Multiple `--events` can be defined (in this case `--events start-test --events end-test-success --events end-test-failed`). All available trigger events can be found in the [Supported Event types](#supported-event-types) section.
```

> `--uri` - the HTTPS endpoint where you want to receive the webhook events

Reviewer: ```suggestion
`--uri` - The HTTPS endpoint where you want to receive the webhook events.
```

</TabItem>

<TabItem value="crd" label="Custom Resource">

```yaml title="webhook.yaml"
apiVersion: executor.testkube.io/v1
kind: Webhook
metadata:
  name: example-webhook
  namespace: testkube
spec:
  uri: <YOUR_ENDPOINT_URL>
  events:
    - start-test
    - end-test-success
    - end-test-failed
  selector: ""
```
Where <YOUR_ENDPOINT_URL> should be replaced with the HTTPS endpoint URL where you want to receive the webhook events.

And then apply with:

```sh
kubectl apply -f webhook.yaml
```

</TabItem>

</Tabs>

### Resource selector (labels)

> In order to limit webhook triggers to specific resource, or resources, the Resource Selector can be used. It allows to select specific resource by label, or labels.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
In order to limit webhook triggers to a specific resource, or resources, the Resource Selector can be used. It allows you to select the specific resource by label, or labels.
```

<Tabs>
<TabItem value="dash" label="Dashboard">

![Dashboard webhook - resource identifier](../img/dashboard-create-webhook-resource-identifier.png)

</TabItem>

<TabItem value="cli" label="CLI">

The Resource Selector can be set with `--selector`.
For example, `--selector test-type=postman-collection` will limit the resources to the postman tests (label: `test-type=postman-collection`)

</TabItem>

<TabItem value="crd" label="Custom Resource">

```yaml
spec:
  selector: test-type=postman-collection
```

So, the complete definition may look like this:

```yaml title="webhook.yaml"
apiVersion: executor.testkube.io/v1
kind: Webhook
metadata:
  name: example-webhook
  namespace: testkube
spec:
  uri: <YOUR_ENDPOINT_URL>
  events:
    - start-test
    - end-test-success
    - end-test-failed
  selector: test-type=postman-collection
```

</TabItem>
</Tabs>

> ### Webhook payload

Reviewer: ```suggestion
### Webhook Payload
```

> Webhook payload can be configured - for example event id:

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Webhook payload can be configured - in this example, `event id`:
```

```
{"text": "event id {{ .Id }}"}
```

<Tabs>
<TabItem value="dash" label="Dashboard">
Webhook payload can be configured in Webhook Settings->Action

![Dashboard webhook - webhook settings action`](../img/dashboard-webhook-settings-action.png)

![Dashboard webhook - webhook payload](../img/dashboard-webhook-payload.png)

</TabItem>

<TabItem value="cli" label="CLI">
Create a webhook payload template file:

```json title="template.json"
{
  "text": "event id {{ .Id }}"
}
```

> It can then be set with `--payload-template template.json`.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
And set it with `--payload-template template.json`.
```

  payloadObjectField: ""
  payloadTemplate: |
    {"text": "event id {{ .Id }}"}
```

</TabItem>

</Tabs>

#### Customizing webhook payload
The payload template can be customized to include additional information. In the above example, only the event `Id` is being sent. The template's variables will be replaced with data when events occur.

It's possible to get access to env variables of testkube-api-server pod in webhook template:

```sh title="template.txt"
TESTKUBE_CLOUD_URL: {{ index .Envs "TESTKUBE_CLOUD_URL" }}
```

### HTTP Headers
You can add additional HTTP headers like `Authorization` or `x-api-key` to have a secret token.

<Tabs>
<TabItem value="dash" label="Dashboard">

> Webhook headers can be configured in Webhook Settings->Action

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Webhook headers can be configured in Webhook Settings->Action.
```

![Dashboard webhook - webhook settings action`](../img/dashboard-webhook-settings-action.png)

![Dashboard webhook - webhook headers](../img/dashboard-webhook-headers.png)

</TabItem>

<TabItem value="cli" label="CLI">
Custom headers can be set using `--header` - for example:

`--header X-Token="12345"`

</TabItem>

<TabItem value="crd" label="Custom Resource">

```yaml
spec:
  headers:
    X-Token: "12345"
```

```yaml title="webhook.yaml"
apiVersion: executor.testkube.io/v1
kind: Webhook
metadata:
  name: example-webhook
  namespace: testkube
spec:
  uri: <YOUR_ENDPOINT_URL>
  events:
    - start-test
    - end-test-success
    - end-test-failed
  selector: ""
  headers:
    X-Token: "12345"
```

</TabItem>
</Tabs>

## Supported Event types

> Webhook can be triggered on any of the following events:

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Webhooks can be triggered on any of the following events:
```
